kNN and Pairwise Distances docs update (#1684)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/algorithms/pairwise-distances/chebyshev-distance.rst

.. ******************************************************************************

> .. * Copyright 2020-2021 Intel Corporation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. * Copyright 2021 Intel Corporation
```

Author: fixed

.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

.. default-domain:: cpp

.. _alg_chebyshev_distance:

==================
Chebyshev distance
==================

.. include::  ../../../includes/pairwise-distances/chebyshev-distance-introduction.rst

------------------------
Mathematical formulation
------------------------

.. _chebyshev_distance_c_math:

Computing
---------

Given a set :math:`U` of :math:`n` feature vectors :math:`u_1 = (u_{11}, \ldots, u_{1k}),

> \ldots, u_n = (u_{n1}, \ldots, u_{nk})` of dimension :math:`k` and :math:`V` of :math:`n`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\ldots, u_n = (u_{n1}, \ldots, u_{nk})` of dimension :math:`k` and a set :math:`V` of :math:`m`
```

feature vectors :math:`v_1 = (v_{11}, \ldots, v_{1k}), \ldots, v_m = (v_{m1}, \ldots, v_{mk})`
of dimension :math:`k`, the problem is to compute the Chebyshev distance
:math:`||u_i, v_j||_{\infty}` for any pair of input vectors:

.. math::
    ||u_i, v_j||_{\infty} = \max_l {|u_{il} - v_{jl}|},

where :math:`\quad 1 \leq i \leq n, \quad 1 \leq j \leq m, \quad 1 \leq l \leq k`.

.. _chebyshev_distance_c_math_dense:

Computation method: *dense*
---------------------------

> The method defines Chebyshev distance metric which would be used inside other algorithms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method defines Chebyshev distance metric that is used in other algorithms
```
